[Original Text]: [Translated Text]

ZeoWorks Presents: those guys from slendytubbies present
Campaign: da story
Continue Game: continue da gaem
New Game: new gaem
Select Chapter: select chaptur
Options: set ups
Credits: stuff we’re forced to add
Exit: go away
Language: REAL languages
Chapter 0 - "It Was Good": chaptur 0 - “it ok”
Chapter 1 - "A New Day": chapter 1 - “a tomorrow”
Chapter 2 - "The Journey": chapter 2- “rockin n rollin down to the beach we strollin”
Chapter 3 - "Run Away": Capítulo 3 – “go away”
Back: back
Apply: sure I guess
Video: screen stuff
Audio: speaker stuff
Quality: realisticism
Resolution: size
Volume: earrapes
Are you sure you want to quit?: u sure you wanna get out?

This game was downloaded from http://zeoworks.com. If you downloaded it from somewhere else, we suggest you to report it on our website or Facebook page and redownload the game from our website, as this version might be outdated.: yo, if you didn’t download this game from http://zeoworks.com, you suck. go back and redownload it you cunt.

This language is based on broken English, dark humour and swearing. Are you sure you want to continue?: this language is not made for ppl that are sensitive to words like fuck or shit, continue or wuss out?

Translated by [your name]: translated by some guy at mcdonald’s drivethru
Po died: all you had to do was follow the damn script po
HOLD: hodor
PRESS: press
Teletubby House: da heeeeeews
Lake: water
Wrong Way: wrong direction u idiot
Custard Location: kfc place
Cave: batman’s
Mountains: high dirt

Autosaving...: don’t shut down now u cunt
Press any key to continue: press the ‘any’ key to continue

In a distant land lies underground machines, created by the unknown; capable of creating life forms.  These machines have been creating creatures known as teletubbies for hundreds of years.  The machines worked in a secret underground lair.  One of their creations known as the "teletubby guardian", who had white fur; was designed to monitor a test group of four teletubbies in secret.  They were known as Tinky Winky, Dipsy, Laa Laa and Po.   The four teletubbies lived together in a dome-like home within a boxed landscape known as the "main land".  The group were like hampsters in a cage, not knowing that they were being monitored within a fixed area.  They also lived with an artificial intelligent machine known as "Noo Noo".  The teletubby guardian monitored the groups behavior and documented it into a database, ensured the groups health and also had to ensure that the group did not leave the area.  Over the years the guardian grew a strong bond with the group, enjoying watching over them, despite the group not knowing of the guardians existence.  One day, things went horribly wrong.: long ago in a distant land, i, aku, shapeshifting-… wait, wrong cartoon. *page flip* …slendytubbies 3? those guys made another one? ugh alright, anyway the coloured fgts were created by machines which were created by something the devs are too lazy to come up with something for it, and those machines worked on a sewer. one of the creatures made by this machine was another creature, but not any creature, because this one was WHITE, and you know how racism is these days in teletubby land. this guy was bound to watch over another four creatures, why? because backstory. these creatures were actually colorful and not a boring white, and they were called teletubbies, because well.. they had.. a tele… in their tubbies… alright so these guys lived on a fucking cage landscape, on a dome house because houses aren’t squared on teletubby land, and they had no idea they were being recorded for a prank. they also had a talking vacuum, how fucking cool is that huh? the white supremacy guardian watched the groups behaviour on certain circumstances and uploaded it to youtube… no wait, uploaded it to a database, and he also had to make sure they didn’t kill each other and didnt leave the area. after having to watch them for sooooo damn long, he grew a strong bond with the coloured fgts, and enjoyed watching them like the sick perv he is, even tho the fgts didnt even know the white fgt existed. one day things got fkd up.  alright thats all, now can i please get your order.  protip - if laptop explodes stop playing

It has begun. Tinky Winky has killed Po and the rest of his friends. You believe that the custards are responsible for his attacks.  You use your computer in an attempt to contact other tubbies at the satellite station, but with no success. Without any delay you prepare a plan to find all of the infected custards before traveling to the satellite station for help.  It's up to you to find out the truth.: back again huh? alright gimme that. *page flip*so purple fgt became insane and killed red fgt because storyline. you think the kfc machine caused it all, so you hack into the matrix and see if you can contact other white fgts like you on space, but- wait what do you mean satellite station isnt on space? thats bullshit. so you try contacting fgts at the SATELLITE STATION, but you forgot how to matrix, so its now up to you to find out wat happen.  protip - lick here for lemon flavor

At the last custard location you encountered Tinky Winky.  He transformed into a monster right before your eyes and tried to kill you. You were able to escape to the cave.  From there you must travel through maze-like corridors to get to the outskirts. Once you're at the outskirts, you'll find the satellite station.: when you were about to get the last custard, tinky tonky turned into a steroid inducing creature and tried to kill you, how convenient! you decided to run to the cave because for some reason you like mazes, and i know im no one to judge but are you fucking serious mate you decided to choose the maze. so after dealing with the maze you’ll get to the outskirts and finally find space-.. uh, satellite station.  protip - now with 100% natural cave

At the last custard location you encountered Tinky Winky.  He transformed into a monster right before your eyes and tried to kill you. You were able to escape to the mountains.  The mountains stretch out for miles, they are cold and almost inhabitable.  You must travel through them and get to the outskirts.  You'll be able to find the satellite station from there.: when you were about to get the last custard, tinky tonky turned into a steroid inducing creature and tried to kill you, how convenient! you decided to run to the mountains because for some reason you like freezing to death. After going through them you’ll get to the outskirts, you’ll be able to find space-.. uh, satellite station.  protip - don’t eat the yellow snow

You've travelled a long way.  You escaped those creatures at the Secret Lair. You ran away from Tinky Winky's new phase at the main land. You made your way through the Outskirts and encountered Laa Laa. But after all that's happened so far, you're still alive. At last, you arrive at the Satellite Station.: *ahem* alright so you went through some fetus like creatures, ran from a purple guy that should probably drop off steroids, made your way to see a yellow fgt fucking die on the inside (and probably the outside too), and after all you’re still playing this. i admire your dedication. you get to the satellite station and actually you know what fuck it im done im not getting paid enough for this can i please fucking take your order already sir.  protip - to reset game drop laptop and stomp on repeatedly

Good Ending: ok ending
Bad Ending: bad ending >:c
Evil Ending: sp00ky ending
Regretful Ending: you’re fucking retarded ending

Head over to multiplayer and continue the story: ok now go play some multiplayer, i know youve waited long for it
